# What do I want to achieve?

As a user, I want to have a decentralized and personal knowledge base. In an ideal workflow, I can update my  knowledge base asynchronously from *any* device then periodically sync them, either automatically or manually. Throughout the years, I enjoy writing my notes using #markdown syntax, as it is highly versatile and convertible to other formats. Naturally, I would love to incorporate my usual workflow using #markdown to create my personal knowledge base. My previous solution was to create a [static website](https://lamurian.rbind.io) using #hugo, so that I can keep all my notes in #markdown. To my regret though, it is rather difficult to incorporate this workflow in a mobile setting. I require a more dynamic solution, where I can use my phone/tablet to quickly jot down my ideas then process it later on my PC.

# How far do I get with Obsidian?

Obsidian solve some hassles for me, as it provides me a cross-platform text editor which I can synchronize using `git`. However, so far I haven't been able to resolve the `git push` error in `obsidian-git` plugin when I push from mobile devices. I understand there are caveats in using git from mobile devices, and it is still the most suitable solution at the moment. Although I'm unable to sync from my phone/tablet, at least I know there's a possibility that this might be feasible in the future. Furthermore, there's an interesting plugin where I can possibly convert Obsidian #markdown to #hugo format, which I will delve further in a different post.
